Part 1 of finishing modules object & syntax documentation (#27242)
idaholab/moose: modules/navier_stokes/doc/content/source/bcs/INSFEFluidEnergyDirichletBC.md

# INSFEFluidEnergyDirichletBC

!syntax description /BCs/INSFEFluidEnergyDirichletBC

## Overview

If the [!param](/BCs/INSFEFluidEnergyBC/v_fn) parameter is specified, it is used to compute the boundary fluid
velocity. If not, the domain velocity variables are used. The velocity is used to determine whether the boundary is
an inlet.

> This boundary condition provides a `conditional' Dirichlet temperature boundary condition for the energy equation, given that no integration by parts is applied to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This boundary condition provides a `conditional' Dirichlet temperature boundary condition for the energy equation, given that no integration by parts is applied to the energy advection term.
```

> Without applying integration by parts, the energy equation needs either a Dirichlet temperature boundary condition for an inlet condition,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without applying integration by parts to the advection term, the energy equation needs a Dirichlet temperature boundary condition for an inlet condition.
```

> or no boundary condition for an outlet condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This object additionally introduces a natural boundary condition at outlets.
```
